I love the library because there's
history here I love my love it because
it caters to me and he is studying
quietly upstairs and study Carol or I
can come down here among to be the hot
spot one you love like one wireless
library you but below there are a lot of
books there that's good a lot of good
books I love the library because of the
amazing librarians who help faculty and
staff and students with research a lot
of plugs for your laptop that's useful
I love the library because we live here
yes ace high speed internet that's key
I love the library because every Brad I
need always has a story about the
library buildings change people change
class has changed but everybody is in
the library
I love the libraries because besides all
the books I can do I can slip in and
check my email check the University
sports scores and I can always find a
quiet corner
like I love the library because it's a
great place to kick ideas around I love
the library because of the people the
staff will go to the ends of the earth
to get materials for students and
faculty from anywhere in the world
information I love the library because
of our comfortable spaces our innovative
technologies and the friendly faces of
our staff I love the library because
it's a great meeting place for students
here they get together in small groups
to share ideas share knowledge work on
common problems it's a great idea
machine thank you thank you
sorry
thank you thank you thank you thank you
thank you quietly